You're live.
Welcome to this edition of the Yahowah Blog.
We're here in our rainbow studio,
which means it's another episode of
Appalling Twistianity.
I had a bit of a glitch there
with one of the many
devices here down in our studio that was
actually playing some audio,
which would have had an interesting
feedback experience.
So excuse the rough start.
We're returning to what is Twistianity
Volume One.
I have written five books specifically
designed to expose the Christian New
Testament as an utter and complete fraud.
If that is a surprise to you,
then it is important that you know that
I have undertaken the most comprehensive
deconstruction of Christianity ever
written.
I have proven beyond any doubt that
the authors of the Christian New
Testament, beginning with Paul,
who wrote the first fourteen books of the
Christian New Testament.
In fact, there were no gospels,
nothing of the Christian New Testament
existed other than Paul's fourteen letters
prior to seventy-five CE.
He wrote his first in fifty-two.
He died in sixty-six,
and his publicist and spiritual healer
wrote
the book of Acts,
which is the story of
Paul in seventy-five,
and one of his accolades, Mark,
wrote the gospel according to Paul in
seventy-five as well.
And then the book of Luke, who,
like Mark,
was not an eyewitness to any of these
things,
wasn't even in proximity to when any of
these things transpired,
may not have even been alive at the
time, wrote Luke based upon plagiarizing.
mark and so this is really the essence
of the Christian new testament and i go
through it systematically including
demonstrating the vast changes and
manuscripts from the oldest which there
are sixty nine that date to the first
second and uh
third,
even early fourth century before the rise
of Eusebius and Constantine.
Eusebius was Constantine's propagandist,
very much like Luke was Paul's
propagandist.
And from that point on,
there is really very little consistency or
credibility in the
condition of the text of the Christian New
Testament.
And prior to that time of those sixty-nine
manuscripts,
all of which have been unearthed from
Alexandria area in Egypt,
They differ not only widely among
themselves,
but there are over three hundred thousand
known variances between these earliest
manuscripts and the basis of the Christian
New Testament today.
And that's alarming since there's only one
hundred eighty four thousand words.
And.
three hundred thousand known variations so
it is a very poorly kept text it
is filled with contradictions both of
history of that time and previously it is
in every citation
where Yahowah's testimony,
that's God's testimony,
is recorded in the Christian New
Testament,
it is pulled out of context and grossly
misrepresented.
There isn't a single accurate citation
from the Torah prophets and Psalms within
the Christian New Testament.
And in Paul's verse,
there's not even a single reference to
anything this alleged gospel Jesus
individual said.
quite frankly, for two reasons.
One,
there wasn't a single gospel written while
Paul was writing his letters.
And second,
it is Paul that created the myth of
Jesus.
He never existed.
And it's obvious that he never existed.
All Jesus is is a crude counterfeit of
David while mixing in a heavy dose of
Dionysus.
Dionysus provides the myth that God became
a man and the myth of
Dying and resurrecting gods comes directly
from Dionysus, all the rest of Messiah,
the son of God.
The crucifixion story,
all of that comes directly from the
promises that Yahowah made to his beloved
son, David,
and does not apply to anyone else,
including the mythical figure of Jesus.
so what i have done in the five
volumes of Christianity is i took what
Paul said and either negated it by
comparing it to what Yahowah said and the
torah prophets and psalms which is lethal
to Christianity because it claims that it
derives its entire legitimacy from the god
of the torah prophets and psalms and yet
Paul and the other
New Testament writers contradict God's
testimony routinely and annul His
positions on every issue.
or I compare what Paul said to the
actual history of the time,
or I compare what Paul said to other
things Paul said,
or I compare what Paul said to what
is alleged to have come from Gospel Jesus
later.
And in making these comparisons,
I prove many thousands of times over that
Christianity
is fraudulent,
that there was no Jesus Christ,
that Paul was a demon-possessed liar,
and that there was not a single eyewitness
account of anything that actually
transpired that is contained in the book
that is now called the New Testament.
And it is a sore thumb.
It is...
is completely out of sync with everything
that was said previously.
And therefore,
the only way for it to be true
is for God to have been a liar
and everything else He said.
And if God's a liar regarding everything
else He said,
then He certainly can't be trusted as it
relates to the New Testament.
Now the other, of course,
basic answer to all of this is beyond
recognizing that there is a zero percent
possibility that God would have deployed a
man who acknowledged that he was a sexual
pervert, who was out killing people,
who
had any affinity with him,
who was trained by the rabbis,
who was murderous,
who admitted that he was demon possessed.
that God would have chosen a man like
this,
not only to contradict everything he said,
but to come up with an entirely different
plan based upon the gospel of Paul, I,
Paul, say.
But beyond all of that,
there is a zero percent possibility that
God was a man.
God's not a man.
He's never been a man.
He will never be a man.
God created the universe and humankind on
this planet.
But that means God is infinitely larger
than the universe he created and thus
infinitely larger than a man.
So, A, God is not a man.
If your God is no bigger than a
man, your God isn't God.
Second of all,
the notion that men can kill God is
ludicrous.
And in Christianity,
it is alleged that Jews who had no
authority and Roman occupied Judea killed
the Christian God.
Not possible, sorry.
And if your thinking is that you have
proved that you're divine by an empty
tomb,
then you simply haven't read the story of
what Dowd said he was going to do
as the Passover lamb in fulfilling
Passover,
because the body of the Passover lamb
after fulfilling Passover is incinerated
that evening,
meaning that the tomb would be empty.
But it was Dowd's body that was placed
there.
Sorry.
And if you think that body then is
going to be resurrected,
you haven't been paying attention because
the Passover lamb never comes back to
life.
Read the story.
Become familiar with what God is saying.
It's a...
It's just absurd.
And then to claim bodily resurrection is
to jump back in time to the pharaohs.
They spent fortunes for their bodily
resurrection.
That's the whole concept of mummies and
those fancy tombs with
with boats and scrolls from the Book of
the Dead and all sorts of servants and
every manner of food and everything to
nourish the physical body which was being
protected for the afterlife.
It is ludicrous.
All of those boys, yeah, guess what?
Their bodies are still here.
The idea of bodily resurrection is pagan
and it is stupid.
If you don't understand the cycle of life,
you may wanna go off and buy a
book on biology and figure it out.
It isn't possible,
and beyond it not being possible,
it would be stupid.
Your soul is the only thing that has
value,
and your soul is
liberated and empowered and enriched when
it is free of your body.
So when you die and you are among
those who have listened to Yahowah and
acted upon His instructions relative to
the covenant and the Mow'ed Miqraey,
your soul is enveloped in light and energy
so that it is no longer burdened by
a decaying physical body.
And this enables you to travel through the
universe,
to enter shamah ym  in the seventh dimension,
to appear perfect in God's eyes,
to be empowered, to be enriched,
to be enabled.
Just as E equals MC squared shows that
energy is so much greater than is matter.
So everything about Christianity from its
essence,
the fact that almost everything in it is
borrowed from a pagan past and comes from
Babylon.
It's just absurdly untrue.
And there has never been a more complete
and irrefutable series of books
demonstrating the fact that Christianity
is absolutely false,
that there was no Jesus,
that Paul created the myth,
that Paul was demon-possessed and lied,
and every quotation in the New Testament
from the Torah and prophets is erroneous.
It's just over.
And if you read the five volumes of
Christianity,
you won't even get through the first
volume if you're a Christian.
And by the time you've read all five,
there's a zero percent chance that you
would retain your faith in Christianity.
And fortunately,
I don't just take a false religion away
from Christians.
I provide you with the truth.
which is that David is the Messiah.
He is the son of God.
He is the former and returning king,
and he has lived two lives and will
live a third.
He came in his second of three lives,
and he was the one who was crucified
in thirty three C.E.
You see,
the myth of Jesus was actually based on
identity theft.
It robbed out of what he believed.
had achieved,
and it robbed Dowd of his titles.
And so I share the truth about what
Dowd achieved on our behalf by fulfilling
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
and how that extends our lives,
perfects our souls,
and enables us to be part of the
covenant family.
And at the same time,
I reintroduce readers to Yahowah,
who happens to be God,
and explain exactly how his Torah saves.
If you're up to the challenge,
go to YadaYah.com.
All thirty-five books are available to you
for free.
The entire library of the Yahowah blog is
available to you for free.
There's not even a donate button on the
site.
We wouldn't take your money if you threw
it at us.
We ask nothing from you.
It's all given to you.
What you do with it?
Well,
will determine the fate of your soul.
Now the realization is that Yahowah,
who happens to be God,
has proven his existence and the
legitimacy of his testimony through
prophecy.
And so I consistently use Yahowah's
testimony as the only unassailable source
of information regarding God's nature and
plan throughout Christianity.
It will be and always remain the gold
standard to which we will hold Paul
accountable.
It's only fair.
Therefore, let's conclude this,
the final introductory chapter,
into our refutation of Christianity,
beginning where Christianity began,
in Paul's letters,
and particularly with his first,
the letter to the Galatians,
by giving our God, our Father,
our Creator, Yahowah, the last word.
This is some of what God revealed through
his prophet, Yasha'yah,
which means freedom and salvation are from
Yah.
Woe, oy,
the people from different races and
places, these goyim,
bear blame and are guilty for having
wandered away
The people's distortions and their
propensity to alter, to twist,
and to pervert, they won't,
are numerous and burdensome,
even troubling.
They are descendants of those who have
done wrong, harming themselves.
They are children of those who corrupt and
destroy.
They have rejected and abandoned Yahowah.
They have spurned and belittled,
maligned and disparaged the Set-apart One.
of Yisrael.
They are strangers who have gone astray,
having turned their backs.
Yasha'yah, salvation is from YHWH .
That's devastating to Christians and to
Muslims.
I am YHWH
This is my name,
and the manifestation of my power I will
not give to another,
nor my renown and reputation to religious
imagery.
Yasha'yah, yeah, forty-two, eight.
And there is the death knell for
Christianity, Judaism, and Islam.
You will not find Yahowah's name in their
text,
and Yahowah is the only name
of God.
Yahowah is willing, even desirous,
for the sake of his sense of honesty
and fairness,
his commitment to doing what is right
regarding your vindication, tsedeq,
to reveal his empowering, enriching,
and enabling Torah,
his teaching and instruction,
his guidance and direction,
and to prove its worth and validity.
Yasha'yah,
Listen and pay attention to me so that
you can respond appropriately to me,
my family and my people.
To me, listen,
considering and evaluating what you hear
and then respond because indeed the Torah,
this source of teaching and guidance from
me,
shall be brought forth and shall be
disseminated.
And my means to justly resolve disputes
and exercise good judgment will shine upon
and enlighten the family."
Yasha'yah, fifty-one, four.
That means folks,
the Torah has not been annulled.
That means the Torah is not from rabbis.
That means the Torah is from Yahowah and
that God's name is Yahowah.
And the Torah means source of teaching and
guidance, not laws.
And if you want to be part of
his family, you need to know that.
And rather than paying attention to the
Peters and the Pauls,
the Marks and the Lukes,
the Akivas and the Maimonides .
Which is all a waste of time.
Not just a waste of time.
They are demon possessed and are
adversarial.
God says, listen to me.
but you're not listening.
If you are a practitioner or a devotee
of Judaism, Islam, or Christianity,
you're listening to your rabbis,
to your saints, to your imams,
to the likes of demon-possessed
individuals like Paul and Muhammad.
Why would you do that when you can
listen directly to God through his Torah
and be guided to him?
Good question.
The religious never have an answer for
that one.
Then he shall reveal the glorious presence
and manifestation of the power of Yahowah,
and all living creatures will see
together.
Indeed, he is the word,
the verbal spokesman,
and the mouth of Yahowah.
By the way,
this actually says that it's the Bashar,
Harold.
That is the word,
the verbal spokesman and mouth of Yahowah.
And that would be true.
But this is just one of a thousand
references to this person that Yahowah
would call during the last days to awaken
his people.
You're listening to him.
Look and see, pay attention and behold,
Yahowah,
our upright one and foundation arrives
with a blast of a trumpet.
He is the sacrificial lamb.
He is, which is the Zarowa.
He is the proverb and the parable,
a picture of the word,
which is vivid and easy to process and
see.
Mashal, behold him, pay attention to him,
our recompense and fair for passage,
our ransom is associated with him.
He does the work to pay our debt,
to clear the way,
to appear in his presence.
As a shepherd, he leads and protects.
He feeds his flock.
And as the Zarowa,
the protective shepherd,
the sacrificial lamb,
he will gather his sheep and in his
chest, he will lift them up, nursing,
nurturing, and guiding them.
Yasha'yah, yeah, forty, ten and eleven.
This is but a taste of what Yahowah
revealed
not only through the prophet Yasha'yah,
but now through Moseh and his Torah.
Pertaining to these conversations,
the word of Yahowah came to exist with
Abram in the form of a personal visual
and illuminating manifestation,
which could be seen and experienced to
say, do not be awed or intimidated,
Abraham.
I am your protector,
defending you from harm.
Your exceedingly great reward.
Genesis, which is Bare’syth , beginning,
fifteen one.
You notice it doesn't say the totality of
the Godhead appeared to Abraham, did it?
It didn't say God himself was right there
with Abraham, did it?
Why?
Because a being capable of creating a six
dimensional universe,
which is the universe that we can witness,
which is ninety five percent less than the
actual universe that exists.
We we see about and perceive and
understand about five percent of it.
Dark what we call dark energy and dark
matter,
which is really an attractive force and an
opposing force, a repelling force.
Represents ninety five percent of the
total.
But a being capable of creating a universe
that is the three dimensions that we
understand throughout this sea of
galaxies,
some two trillion galaxies averaging a few
hundred billion stars apiece.
A being that enormous that could speak
that into existing has to be a dimension
beyond the universe that he created.
And therefore,
he is at least seven dimensional to have
created this six dimensional universe.
And as a being whose dimensions are
greater, for example,
than the three D realm that we perceive,
he can't enter a three day.
It'd be like having Walt Disney decide
that, you know,
I want to stop just drawing and writing
little narratives for Mickey and Minnie
Mouse.
I want to actually live with them.
And so it'd be like Walt Disney saying,
I'm going to go from three dimensions to
two dimensions.
And I'm going to be there in flat
land with Mickey and Minnie.
It isn't possible.
You need to understand that.
The entirety and the enormity of God won't
fit amongst the two trillion galaxies he
created.
Much less in this galaxy.
Much less in this solar system.
Much less on this planet.
Much less here.
in the body of a man.
God can project an aspect of his nature.
He can project his nephesh soul and
surround it by a physical body of his
choosing,
but that would be God essentially reaching
out like an avatar.
He can project his ruach and
and convey his presence either as fire or
as light or of something of that nature
he can convect as this case his word
such that it becomes something that is
tangible and seen in our presence he can
do those kinds of things but this notion
that all of god is somehow visible uh
and uh and perceivable and can be a
man that is exceedingly retarded
And God conveyed all of these words,
providing perspective in our presence
saying, I am Yahowah, your God,
who beneficially descended to serve,
bringing you out and delivering you from
the realm of the crucibles of oppression,
out of the house of slavery and servitude.
You will not exist with other gods in
relation to my presence.
Shemowth names, Exodus,
twenty one through three.
Ever heard that before?
That statement,
ever heard that statement before?
Oh, yeah.
You know what it is?
Written in stone.
It is.
It's the first statement written in stone,
isn't it?
Exactly.
Yeah.
It's been truncated again by the religious
to say, I am the Lord, your God.
But there is no Lord mentioned in it.
And it actually says the following.
And God, wa Elohim, convey, dabar, all of,
kol, these words, dabar,
providing perspective in our presence,
saying, amar, I am, anki, Yahowah,
Your God, Elohim, who beneficially, Asher,
descended to serve,
bringing you out and delivering you,
Yatsa, serving to remove you,
liberate you, withdraw you.
from the realm, men, Eretz,
of the crucibles of religious and
political oppression.
Mitzrayim,
out of the house of slavery and servitude.
You will not exist, excuse me,
My dog has gone back and we're down
here in the studio and she immediately
thinks she can just tear her paws to
pieces and she won't even be able to
walk out of here if we didn't try
to distract her from her biting.
She's like a...
a girl grown even as a woman who
is a cutter.
It's one of the really sad things that
so many women who are insecure very often
cluster bees do to themselves and
degrading themselves.
I have right now a cutter as a
woman who was trying to slander me.
She actually accused me the other day of
killing her.
which is odd since I have never met
her.
And she was alive to write the post.
But nonetheless,
Asher mimics these traits.
It is sad because it originally emerged in
her case,
not from the psychological problem,
but from a systemic yeast infection where
her paws itched and she bit them.
And then now she's kind of OCD towards
them.
So we have to distract her attention so
she doesn't
hurt herself.
It's part of the, you know,
the responsibility of, you know,
even with dogs,
we parent and it's part of our
responsibility.
So what you saw there was my desire
to keep a beloved animal from harming
herself because we enjoy her company.
So Yahowah said explicitly that he is not
a Lord.
He is not into oppressing people.
He is not into controlling anyone.
He is in fact a liberator,
removing us from servitude.
And then he concludes to say,
you will not exist with any other gods
in relation to my presence,
which means you will not exist if you
believe Jesus.
You will not continue to exist if you
are a devotee of Hashem.
You will not exist if you are an
advocate of Allah.
It's what's written in stone.
It is what God said.
You should observe, closely examining,
and carefully considering this word and
its message as a clearly communicated and
engraved prescription of what you should
do in life to live,
and as an enduring and restoring witness
to your children forever.
Shemowth, twelve, twenty-four.
You should never add to the word which
as a blessing I am instructing you and
guiding you all,
and you should never subtract from it.
If you are to properly observe the terms
of the covenant of YHWH your God,
which as a favor I am instructing you.
this is the body in words for two
exclusively and without exception be
observant as your goal pay very close
attention to your soul lest you forget and
overlook the words which you have seen
with your eyes unless you are removed from
your thinking
All of the days of your life you
should make them known to your children
and to your children's children.
The day which you were present,
standing before Yahowah your God in Choreb,
which Yahowah said to me to summon and
assemble the family,
so that I might have them hear the
words which would cause them to learn,
to revere and to respect and to approach
Yahowah.
me and all of the days which as
a result of this relationship they shall
live on earth and so that they might
teach their children the badim four
through ten i'd like to remind our
listeners i said something yesterday that
was profound might have been the day
before but what i said is that
When God gave through Moseh in the twelfth
chapter of the same book, Deuteronomy,
the instructions on food and both the
twelfth chapter and the fourteenth,
where the message seems to be entirely
different.
The reason that people don't understand
them,
the reason that the religious and those
who would assail me,
Only listen to the list that says these
things are not helpful and healthy and
ignore the statements which are repeated
four times, you can eat anything you want,
is that they don't understand the
difference between your soul and your
body.
And I want to take this as a
teaching moment to reinforce that because
it was such a profound insight.
What you consume as food has absolutely
nothing to do with your soul.
Your soul is actually independent of your
body.
Your soul can live on in Sheowl  or
in shamah ym or simply be extinguished.
And your body is simply a repository for
your soul while you're here on earth.
That's it.
So food will either nourish or poison your
physical body.
It has zero influence on your soul.
And that's why God said that you can
eat anything you want.
And then he said,
these things are good for you to eat.
And these things are not because on earth,
it is important that he provide
instructions on the health of our physical
bodies.
which means there are some things that are
safe and other things that are not safe
for you to eat,
but that nothing you eat has any bearing
on your soul,
which is the only part of you that
can escape this planet alive,
because all bodies decay.
And that is why in the midst of
this text,
in the twelfth chapter of Dabarym,
where he says you can eat anything you
want,
because it has no effect on your physical
body,
he says you need to pour out the
blood.
And the reason for that is, he says,
because the blood is the life of the
nephesh.
Now,
nepheshes are something that is a soul.
It's your consciousness.
They don't drink.
They don't eat.
They have no physical presence.
And so there is no physical,
tangible correlation between your nephesh
and a physical liquid like blood, none.
So why did Yahowah say that the blood
is the life of your nephesh?
It's because there is a direct correlation
between blood and the survival of your
soul.
And that is because tumen,
the first is dote as the Passover lamb,
shed his blood on Pesach.
He was the one who was crucified in
thirty three C.E.
to open the doorway to life,
to prolong the days of your soul.
And then it was his soul that carried
our guilt into Sheowl  on Matsah so that
we might enjoy being part of God's
covenant family on Bikuwrym.
then again on Taruwah two thousand years or
forty evil bell after Dowd's sacrifice the
bakar the bull the adamah para this
productive man of the earth who is bloody
red Dowd's herald yada's nakar observant
foreigner will also shed his blood on
Taruwah as the anima para for
the souls of the mortal remnant of Yisrael
to be purged of their religious guilt so
they might witness Yahowah's return with
doubt and enter the thousand year
celebration of our return to Eden on
Sukah.
It is the blood that purges the soul
of guilt on Pesach and Matsah and then
on Taruwah .
That's the fact.
So that your soul is affected by those
sacrifices,
which is why it's poured out like water
on the earth.
And your body is only affected by what
you eat, but your body has no value.
Once your life has been lived on this
earth, none.
It is entirely limiting.
It's why the Christian myth of bodily
resurrection was so enormously stupid.
When you're finally,
this body gives out and your soul is
released of this body.
What you want is not to come back
into another body.
What you want is to be enveloped in
light and energy.
so that you can move through the
dimensions and explore the universe and
inherit all that Yahowah has to give.
And that is why the foods story in
Dabarym twelve seems so different than
that in Dabarym fourteen and why the
religious freak out on thinking that their
relationship with Yahowah is going to pivot
on what they eat when there is no
correlation between food and the condition
of your soul.
only on the health of your body and
if you think you're taking your body into
and to shamah  aim into heaven good luck
with that a body doesn't even accompany
those going to shield so that's the truth
and i thought you ought to know it
And Yahowah spoke the word as God to
you from the midst of the fire.
Words, the sound of which you heard,
a visual form you did not see,
but only heard the sound coming from that
fiery light.
He told you all about his family-oriented
covenant relationship,
his Beryth with you.
which as a result of this relationship,
Asher, he instructed and directed, Shawa,
you to act upon, Asha, the ten statements,
Dabar,
writing them on two tablets of stone.
And Yahowah instructed and guided me at
this time
that she, the set-apart spirit,
would teach you regarding the clearly
communicated prescriptions for living and
the means to resolve disputes,
even to exercise good judgment,
so that you might act upon them,
celebrating and profiting from them.
The Vadim four, twelve through fourteen.
Well,
with the tenth statement etched in stone,
there can be no Judaism because it's
completely opposed to the Jewish religion.
There can be no Christianity because it's
completely opposed to Christianity.
I mean,
the first statement says you can't exist
with a God other than Yahowah and
Christians have their Jesus.
Jews have their Hashem,
Muslims have Allah.
You can't exist with another God.
You can't exist if your God is a
Lord because Yahowah is a freedom fighter,
a liberator.
The second statement says,
don't be religious.
I told you, don't be religious.
Let me remind you, don't be religious.
It goes over and over again to say,
don't even be in the proximity of anything
that could be perceived as religious.
And the third statement says,
any negation of my name, Yahowah,
is an unforgivable crime.
And that guilt will never be resolved.
And yet,
guess what name doesn't appear in the
Talmud,
in the New Testament or in the Quran,
Yahowah.
So you cannot claim that you have a
religion that is somehow endorsed by the
God of the Old Testament.
who scribed the ten statements in stone
and delivered them on behalf of his Beryth
covenant and be a Christian,
practice Judaism, or be a Muslim,
unless you're brain dead.
Now, I know they call it faith,
they don't call it knowing.
And as faith,
you can believe any nonsense you want to.
It's just stupid to do so when there
is absolutely no validity
behind which you're believing.
As for the fire that was the light
that Yahowah used to convey his nature,
it is because as spirit,
Yahowah is the closest thing to light and
energy in our midst.
That's why he equated himself to light in
the first chapter of Bare’syth  in the
Torah.
Yahowah is the closest thing we can
understand to Yahowah's light.
And that's brilliant because light,
of course,
was the first thing created in the
universe.
He gave us part of himself,
if you will.
It didn't become matter until quarks
confined and it cooled to the point where
matter,
which is nothing more than a diminished
and organized form of energy, could form.
That's when time actually began to flow.
And so by being light and using Einstein's
E equals MC squared,
we know that Yahowah is essentially the
speed of light times the speed of light
greater than any accumulation of matter.
And that these things are related.
We also know that on a speed,
on a photon of light,
that time simply exists.
The fullness of time exists,
which means as a...
Energy-based being,
Yahowah was capable of seeing our future
and our past and reporting what would
happen to us before it happens.
Therefore,
he is reporting future history as opposed
to predicting anything.
That's the reason why he gets a hundred
percent of his prophecies.
correct and on photon of light simply
exists through all time making god and
when he transitions us through this fire
transforming our physical nature into
spiritual energy-based light that we too
will be uh eternal uh light also is
on a photon of light while
there is this perception from our earth uh
place and and space and time that it
would take uh light years to travel from
one edge of the known universe to another
that really isn't true
And the reason that's not true is that
because on a photon of light,
time simply is.
And because time doesn't flow as we
measure it,
the length of time to go from one
edge to the other edge of the universe
would be no time at all.
And it doesn't even matter how fast you
are traveling if no time passes while
you're traveling.
And so you all will be able to
go and explore the universe
no time or in all time or you
can you can get from one place to
another in the blink of an eye and
then spend as much time there as you
wish because time will be something you
can maneuver in as a dimension so these
are all important insights as to why
Yahowah revert referred to himself and
revealed himself with words and light
this fiery light with words the sound of
which you heard the visual form you did
not see isn't that a beautiful uh
explanation and it was all to reveal the
single most important thing to god and it
should be to us the breath covenant this
family relationship that he is
establishing and how that is conveyed
through not only the torah but uh
through the inscriptions that Yahowah has
made available to us,
and then particularly the ten statements
that he etched in stone.
During the time of adversity and distress,
all of these words will find you,
especially those in the last days,
and then you will return and you will
be restored forever and eternally to
Yahowah, your God.
It's amazing that this is in the fourth
chapter of Dabarym,
because that was written three thousand
four hundred and fifty years ago.
And it is about the eight years we
are about to experience.
It is only during the time of Israel's
troubles that we will finally,
be able to witness a significant number of
Israelites and Yahuwdym returning to
Yahowah.
They will realize that their rabbis have
defrauded them,
that their politicians have misled them,
that their IDF can no longer protect them,
that the world is against them,
and the only alternative is Yahowah.
And the name of the God whom they
would never speak will all of a sudden
be on their lips.
And Yahowah will bring all of those who
are eligible into Jerusalem for the
sacrifice of the Adam of Parah,
this bloody red man of the earth who
will be a productive bull at that moment.
to purge them of their guilt so they
might be restored and live forever with
your God.
All of this is explained in the books
of Yahowah.
All of this is presented in the Yahowah
blog for your edification.
But to capitalize,
you need to recognize that Yahowah has a
very specific plan for your restoration.
And before you can avail yourselves of it,
you have to denounce all forms of
religion, Judaism, Christianity, Islam,
even the religions of man like
progressivism and Marxism and communism.
today, maga-ism,
you need to recognize that God is
anti-political and anti-religious,
and the first condition of the covenant is
to distance yourselves from these things,
and then to approach him,
knowing that Yahowah alone is God,
and that his directions to him appear in
his Torah teaching.
This was from Dabarym, Words, Deuteronomy,
verse
From the heavens,
he has individually and deliberately
prepared you to listen to his voice for
the explicit purpose of instructing you.
And upon the Almighty's earth,
he enabled you to see and to witness
his magnificent light and his words,
which you heard from the midst of the
fire.
Underline this is his love for your
fathers.
He has chosen to favor their descendants
after them.
He has descended to serve,
leading you into his presence with his
power,
away from the crucibles of human
oppression.
And that would be the body for thirty
six and thirty seven.
That's the summation of why they were
there.
Unfortunately, they chose not to listen.
You should recognize and acknowledge this
day,
returning your heart and thinking to God,
because indeed, Yahowah,
he is almighty God in the heavens and
above the earth and below.
There is no other God.
You should observe,
closely examining and carefully
considering His clearly communicated and
inscribed prescriptions of what you should
do in life to be cut into this
relationship,
along with the terms and conditions of His
binding contract,
which relationally I have instructed and
guided you this day.
because as a result of the relationship,
he is good to you and beneficial for
you and also for your children after you
for the purpose of elongating your days.
Dabarym four, thirty-nine and forty.
And it would have been true had they
listened, but they didn't.
They rejected Moseh,
they rejected the Torah.
They rejected Yahowah all the way to the
extent of telling God to go away,
to shut up.
They never wanted to see him or hear
from him again.
This is the Torah, the teaching,
the guidance,
which beneficially he placed before Moseh
and the many Yisrael who engaged and
endure with God.
this is the enduring witness and restoring
testimony the clearly communicated
prescriptions the means to use the to
think to clearly process the information
and exercise good judgment which god spoke
to Moseh and to the children of Israel
when he led them away from the crucibles
of religious and political oppression in
Mitzrayim, Dabarym four,
forty-four and forty-five.
These are the terms and conditions of the
relationship agreement,
the clearly communicated prescriptions of
what you should do in life to live,
and the means to exercise good judgment to
resolve disputes, misfat, chok mitzvah.
which beneficially, Asher, Yahowah,
your God instructed and guided you to
learn and to teach, which should be done,
which should be acted upon and engaged in,
in the realm into which you all are
going to pass over into as an inheritance.
The intent is so that you can come
to revere and respect Yahowah, your God,
by observing all of his clearly
communicated prescriptions of what you
should do in life to live.
And his terms and conditions, mitzvah,
which I have instructed you individually,
your children and your children's
children, all of the days of your lives.
It is for the purpose of elongating your
days so that you listen, Israel,
and so that you are focused and observant,
thereby acting upon that which
relationally is good and beneficial for
you,
which beneficially will cause you to
substantially increase,
grow dramatically and become exceedingly
great and empowered.
consistent with that which Yahowah,
your God,
promised and affirmed to your fathers on
your behalf.
Yisrael,
individuals who engage and endure with
God, listen and hear Yahowah, your God.
Yahowah is one.
You should choose to truly love Yahowah,
your God.
with all of your heart,
with all of your soul,
with all of your capacity and capability.
These words which I am guiding you with
this day,
they should come to exist and always be
part of your thinking.
Your goal should be to choose to teach
them by reciting them to your children.
And you should consistently speak about
them during your life and inside of your
home
and with your family and as you walk
traveling through life and along the path
and when you lie down to rest and
when you stand up and you should choose
to fasten them as a sign upon your
hand influencing your actions and they
should come to exist between your eyes
influencing your perspective and you
should write them upon the door frames of
your home
and upon your gates, Dabarym six,
one through nine.
He didn't say,
put a box on your forearm and put
another box on your forehead and then tag
a mezuzah to your doorpost.
This is symbolic.
If you can't think it through, Israel,
stop being stupid.
He's giving you these instructions to
provide perspective,
to provide motivation that influences what
you do, what you perceive,
to influence how you live within your
homes and as part of a be'eth, family,
as part of your community.
And instead,
rather than letting these Torah
instructions influence you,
You put them inside of boxes and sought
to be religious and discounted the
relationship that was being offered to
you.
Indeed, you should listen.
You should shamah .
It doesn't say you should babble.
It doesn't say you should pray.
It says you should listen.
It doesn't say you should overwrite what
God is saying.
It says you should listen to the voice
and invitation of Yahowah, your God.
It doesn't say the Lord your God.
It doesn't say Adonai your God.
It doesn't say Hashem your God.
It doesn't say Jesus your God.
It doesn't say Allah your God.
It says Yahowah your God.
You and all of the religious buffoons
before you had absolutely no right or
authority to remove Yahowah's name from his
testimony.
Doing so is in direct opposition to what
God wrote in the third statement where he
said that that is absolutely incorrect.
completely unforgivable throughout time.
Yahowah your God.
For the purpose of approaching by
examining and considering.
Shema and Shemar.
Shema is to listen.
Shemar is to closely examine and carefully
consider.
the instructive terms and conditions of
his relationship agreement, mitzvah,
and his clearly communicated prescriptions
and inscribed recommendations of what you
do in this life to live, chukah,
which are inscribed and permanently
memorialized, lakathah, written, not oral,
of this Torah.
teaching, guidance, directions,
and instructions.
It's from the verb yara,
which means exactly those things.
There isn't even the hint of laws or
even a word for obey in the Hebrew
language.
Torah means to teach and to guide.
And that is because you will return and
be restored, shuwb,
to Yahowah, your God,
with all of your heart and with all
of your soul.
Unfortunately,
it would take three thousand four hundred
and seventy years before that would occur.
Because in the intervening time,
Jews turned the relationship into a
debilitating religion.
And you will return with your soul,
your nephesh, not with your bodies.
For indeed,
the empowering and enriching word of your
God facilitates your approach and brings
you near when ingrained in your speech,
when placed in your heart to engage with
him.
And it came to be that just when
Moseh finished writing down the words of
the Torah,
Upon this, the Almighty's written scroll,
successfully completing the eternal
witness and restoring testimony,
Moseh instructed the Lowy lifting up and
carrying Yahowah's ark of the
family-oriented covenant relationship,
saying,
accept and grasp hold of the written
scroll of the Torah and place this
alongside Yahowah's ark of the covenant
relationship.
Do you see the connection?
The Ark of the Covenant not only carried
the two tablets that Yahowah etched in
stone,
which are so astonishingly anti-religious,
that Ark of the Covenant represents this
covenant relationship,
this family relationship that Yahowah is
establishing with us
At the top of that Ark of the
Covenant is the mercy seat.
It's the Kippur.
It's the very place that God's beloved
son, our king, will use as his throne.
It is returning as brilliant as the sun
in Yahowah's presence.
It is that Kippur at that mercy seat
of the Ark of the Covenant that dote
upon his return on Yom Kippur,
the day of reconciliations in year six
thousand year, sunset, six twenty two pm,
October second, twenty thirty three.
That he will anoint that mercy seat with
the blood of the bull,
restoring the souls of all Yisrael in the
process.
Do you see the connection?
And what is it that is beside the
Ark of the Covenant,
which exists today and will be brought out
for all to see within the next eight
years?
What exists beside it?
What is the map to it?
The Torah.
The written skull of the Torah,
the original autograph of the Torah.
It continues to exist right beside the Ark
of the Covenant.
And we're going to see both.
This scroll that Yahowah had Moseh inscribe
for his people in the world will all
be displayed for all to see,
along with the very Ark of the Covenant.
all of it,
fordowed upon His return to anoint in
harmony with the Torah's instructions
regarding the day of reconciliation,
Yom Kippur.
You see how beautiful the whole picture
comes together.
This is the means to the restoration of
the covenant that Yahowah has offered.
Your God, He will always exist there.
Where?
The Ark of the Covenant.
Scroll of the Torah.
For you.
In the enduring witness and restoring
testimony.
Dabarym, thirty one,
twenty four through twenty six.
So just being reasonable,
not that many people are today.
do you think the likelihood that Yahowah
said so much about the importance of his
torah teaching and guidance and of his ark
of the covenant and the contents of it
and the importance that we apply observing
it and listening to it if his intent
was to do away with it
with an oral law that became the Talmud,
with a bunch of absurd letters that became
the New Testament that annuls it,
or the Quran that is nothing but a
suicidal mess.
The Quran is nothing but a bastardized
version of the Talmud.
Why would God?
speak so vociferously so eternally so
restoratively so um instructionally
providing guidance regarding the
importance of the torah in your lives if
his intent was to annul them through these
other religious texts i like probability
but you know i grew up in the
era before calculators
And so I know how to do numbers
in my head.
And I realize that the probability that
the Christian New Testament,
the Talmud or the Quran or the Zohar
are true based upon these statements we
have just read from Yahowah is zero.
Now, you may not like evidence and reason.
You may be among those who says,
I will plug this into my AR chat
box.
I will find out what AR thinks.
AR doesn't think.
IAI is as lame for you as the
calculator was to the generation that
followed me in school,
depriving you of thinking.
It is nothing but a crutch.
It's not intelligent.
It cannot exercise good judgment.
It can simply search the statements that
men have made and form a consensus and
say, well,
if most people today are saying that
Christianity is true, it must be true.
If Jesus existed, well,
then Jesus must have existed.
If they say that the Torah was replaced,
well, then must have been.
If the Jews say the Torah means law,
then maybe it is law.
That's all it can do is regurgitate what
has become common because all it does is
search things like Expedia and other
publications so that it can out what you
ask it to give you.
because you've lost the ability to do your
own research.
You've lost the ability to think,
and it's only going to get worse.
So if you don't respond to this
opportunity using your eyes,
using your ears, using your mind,
it's going to be too late because first
of all, we're running out of time.
And second of all,
this crutch of AI is going to cripple
what's left of judgmental thinking on this
planet.
In his next book, one scribed by Yosha,
that is Yosha ben Nun,
Yahowah introduced the living embodiment of
his purpose by name.
Therefore, it says later, therefore,
Yahowah delivers and saves.
Yosha recited and proclaimed all of the
words of the Torah.
That's where he began his relationship and
his mission,
by reciting the words of the Torah,
the blessings of peace and prosperity,
and also the slights and denunciations.
You see, to guide children,
you need to tell them what's important.
positive for you to do and what is
negative for you to do the torah denounces
religion it says do not be religious it
says instead choose this relationship with
Yahowah by listening to his torah
instructions just as all of these things
were written in the written scroll of the
torah teaching and guidance not in an oral
talmud
There did not exist a word from all
that which beneficially Moseh had
instructed and directed,
which to reveal the way to get the
most out of the relationship.
Yosha did not read, recite,
or proclaim in a straightforward manner in
the presence of the entire assembled
community of Yisrael,
individuals who engage and endure with
God,
including the women and the little
children.
as well as the foreigners from other races
and places who were walking among them.
Then Yahushua wrote these words in God's
Torah.
Now that we have heard from Yahowah through
his prophet Yasha'yah, his coworker Moseh,
and his heir apparent, Yasha'yah ben Nun,
let's consider what God inspired Dowd,
the man errantly known as David,
to reveal in one of his songs.
This is especially poignant because Dowd
is Yahowah's Messiah,
his shepherd and king.
Dowd is God's son, our savior,
and the man who will be returning soon.
He wrote, on behalf of the eternal leader,
a song of Dowd the beloved.
The heavens quietly quantify the unit of
measure exactly and accurately of the
manifestation of power of God.
It's spreading out an expanse makes
conspicuous his handiwork.
Day unto day pours out answers and night
unto night reveals knowledge which leads
to understanding.
Did you process the correlation between
this and what I said at the beginning
of the program?
That a being that can create a universe
of two trillion galaxies
with hundreds of billions of stars a piece
cannot be in the thing that he creates.
It is not possible.
God has to be a dimension beyond what
he created.
Therefore,
God cannot diminish himself to being three
dimensional.
God cannot be a man.
And if you want to understand the
magnitude of God,
come to appreciate the magnitude of the
universe and understand that he spoke it
into existence from another dimension.
And understand that the very nature of
light as it defines time and how time
is then the essence of prophecy and light
is the essence of enlightenment and all
that this reveals.
about what we are ultimately inheriting
when we become his children.
And all of this leads to understanding.
Nothing exists, Dov wrote,
without the word.
Yahowah literally spoke the universe into
existence.
Nothing exists when and where the spoken
and written word of the voice which calls
out is corrupted or negated.
ceasing to be heard.
This is both historic and prophetic.
Had Yahowah not spoken the universe into
existence with words, it would not exist.
If the voice of the one that Yahowah
has chosen to convey this to you is
negated,
the earth certainly and much of the
universe will be destroyed.
It will have served no purpose.
His going forth is from the uttermost part
of the spiritual realm.
He exists in a dimension beyond the
universe that you're observing.
His arrivals are onto the distant ends of
time.
He came and visited us,
at least a diminished aspect of himself,
in the garden.
And he will return,
at least with a diminished aspect of
himself,
to be with us as we return to
the garden.
six thousand years apart the distant ends
of time from our perspective and our
relationship with god and nothing is
hidden from his light there's nothing that
he can't know Yahowah's torah teaching his
guidance
is complete and entirely perfect returning
restoring and transforming shub the
nephesh soul do you get it god throughout
the torah and the prophets says that he
will shub return to us when we shub
return to him and at this point there
are maybe a thousand people
amongst the eight billion that live on
this planet that have done so.
And it isn't our bodies that he's
interested in, but our nephesh souls.
And that's the part of us that consube
to Yahowah.
And we do it
through his Torah teaching and guidance,
recognizing that it is complete and
perfect for returning, restoring,
and transforming the soul.
And that means that Judaism is wrong.
Christianity is wrong.
Islam is wrong.
Yahowah's enduring testimony and restoring
witness, his eduth,
is trustworthy and rElYahble,
verifiable and dependable.
making understanding simple for the
open-minded.
And while that's true of Yahowah's Torah,
while that's true of Dowd's Mizmowr,
this song that he wrote,
it is also true of the one that
Yahowah has chosen, the Eduth,
the restoring witness that Yahowah has
chosen to convey this message to you.
I am making it simple for you to
understand, should you be open-minded,
the first to do that in two thousand
five hundred years.
Yahowah's directions, his pokudim,
are right, yachar, they're correct,
causing the heart to rejoice,
the mind to soar.
Yahowah's terms and conditions of the
relationship, his mitzvah,
are moral and they are purifying,
shining a light towards understanding.
They are light.
Revering and respecting Yahowah is
cleansing and restoring,
sustaining and establishing us
forevermore.
The means to exercise good judgment and to
resolve disputes
This is your last chance because AI is
being used now to preclude people from
thinking.
You need to mishvat.
You understand that mishvat is a compound
of two very important Hebrew concepts.
One is to meh,
which is to ponder the implications of
something.
And that something is shafat,
which is to decide,
to exercise good judgment,
to examine the evidence and process it
rationally and reasonably,
to deduce an intelligent conclusion.
That is being forfeited today.
You're on your last breath of this
opportunity to mishvat Yahowah.
The means to exercise good judgment and
resolve disputes of Yahowah.
They are trustworthy and they are
rElYahble, emeth.
They are wholly vindicating and correct,
sadaq.
Nothing matters with Yahowah more than
being sadaq.
Dowd was sadaq.
You need to be right.
You need to be correct to be vindicated.
Believing is useless.
You must know and understand,
and what you know and understand needs to
be correct.
Mizmowr, nineteen, six through nine.
That which we have heard, shamah ,
and we have come to know, Yara.
Our fathers communicated to us in writing,
La Shafar, not in oral Torahs.
These things were not concealed from their
children,
from one generation to the next or to
the last.
The truth has always been available,
just that no one's paid attention to it.
They recounted and they recorded Yahowah's
glorious love songs,
his power and influence and his wonderful
and outstanding things,
which as a result of the relationship he
has done and will continue to do.
He took a stand to establish an enduring
witness to this restoring testimony,
the Edith.
With Yaakov bringing about the Torah,
with Yisrael,
which to benefit from the relationship he
instructed and directed our fathers to
make it known to Yadah, to their children.
He did so for the express purpose
that the next as well as the last
generation would come to know Yadda,
to understand, to comprehend,
to process the evidence and become
familiar with those conclusions to Yadda.
Or may I say to Yadda the Yahowah
These children will have children who rise
up and take a stand.
They will proclaim this to their children
and they will place it in.
He will place this in them and they
will trust and rely upon God.
This will happen just under eight years
from now.
The Torah will be written into the remnant
of Yisrael and
God's restoring witness will lead a group
of covenant members whose job will be to
teach this remnant what they need to know
to become covenant.
And they will have children and their
children will have children and God will
get the full extent of the family that
he has always wanted,
but with a fresh start as we're all
brought back to the conditions experience
during Eden.
they will neither forget nor improperly
respond to god's work and so the terms
and conditions of this relationship
agreement this mitzvah will save them
nazar they will not be like their fathers
a generation too stubborn to change and a
generation who was defiantly rebellious
and embittered mara
whose hearts were not prepared and which
were not nurtured by God's spirit.
It is Yahowah who put the seven spirits
of himself and the Choter to deliver this
message to you.
And so that you can be nurtured by
these words, so that you,
unlike
the generations of Jews and even Goyim
during this three thousand four hundred
and fifty years since the Torah was
revealed,
that you will not be like them and
be ill-prepared.
You will not be in the end rebellious
and embittered as are all religious people
related to relative to God today.
Don't be so stubborn you won't change.
Don't be like the generations that have
proceeded this one.
This is your last chance.
Stop being stiff-necked.
Stop being obstinate.
Stop being mara, rebellious,
rebellious and embittered.
Allow your mind and your soul to be
nurtured.
by Yahowah's spirit, his Ruach.
The children of the Northern Kingdom
submitted and they yielded to those who
betrayed them.
And they were overthrown and destroyed.
In the day of the battle,
as it was waged,
they did not observe the covenant
relationship with God.
And with regard to his Torah teaching and
guidance,
they resisted and they refused to walk.
Ms.
Morsom, Seventy-eight, three through ten.
Yahowah, make known to me, yada, your ways.
Teach me your path.
Direct me to walk by trusting and relying
upon you.
Teach me because indeed you are the God
of my salvation.
Yasha, with you I confidently anticipate
Deliverance every day.
Yahowah,
remember and invoke your mercy and your
steadfast love,
even your unfailing kindness and
favoritism for indeed they are from time
immemorial.
The guilt of my youth and rebellion do
not remember as your love for me is
remembered on account of your goodness and
generosity.
and productivity and agreeable nature,
Yahowah.
Yahowah, Almighty, is good, beneficial,
and generous, and always right.
Therefore,
He is the source of teaching and
instruction,
and He guides and directs Yara,
the root of Torah.
Sinners,
those who are guilty of having missed the
way, along the way,
he enables the way of the unpretentious
and sincere who respond and answer his
call.
If I were to render this today,
I would go directly to the verbal root,
which is anah, written with a hey,
and the noun form, well, the anah,
the verb would be anah, well,
anah is with a wah,
is a derivative of it.
The reason is that anah means to respond,
to answer, to reply.
There is nothing that is unpretentious or
severe
or rest sincere regarding this.
That is a corruption that if you were
just to look at the Hebrew lexicons,
you would say, oh yeah, well,
it must mean unpretentious and severe.
No, it doesn't.
Take the time to look at the verbal
root of the word.
Every lexicon will take you directly to it
if you can't figure it out yourself.
Anah is from anah,
and it means to respond, to be responsive.
He enables the way of those who are
responsive,
who answer his call with his means to
make rational decisions and resolve
disputes, mishvat again,
for those who ponder,
exercising good judgment.
He provides the information to teach,
l'mad, those who, anah,
respond to his way.
This is so clear, so simple, so direct,
so irrefutable.
Why is there a single person who is
religious on the planet?
All of the mannerisms and conduct of
Yahowah are merciful and beyond reproach,
and they are trustworthy.
They are rElYahble for those who are
preserved by and saved by His covenant
relationship and by His enduring witness,
His edah.
his restoring witness,
as a result of your name, Shem, Yahowah,
you will choose to overlook my rebellion,
because indeed, he is great.
All of what we have ever done,
contrary to Yahowah's instructions,
was carried away by doubt.
So since he carried our guilt with his
nephesh soul into Sheowl  to deposit it
there and never to be seen again,
it will be overlooked.
Hence,
whatever individual respects and reveres
Yahowah,
he will teach him in the way that
he should choose, his soul, his nephesh,
in the most favorable, pleasing,
and festive circumstances.
Surrounded in light and energy,
he will dwell and endure
And his descendants will inherit the
realm.
A very close and intimate fellowship with
Yahowah is certain.
For those who respect and revere him.
Because his family oriented covenant
relationships he makes known to him.
Through Yadah.
My eyes will continually be upon Yahowah.
Because indeed, he himself will come,
removing the restraints from my feet,
turning me around and preparing me to have
mercy and favor on me as a new
child.
And I am, Ani, responsive.
As a result of Yahowah,
the steps of each individual are prepared
and firmly established,
and his way is pleasurable,
and it's a wonderful,
enjoyable experience.
Indeed, though he may fall,
he's not going to be cast down.
Indeed, Yahowah is sustaining,
upholding him with his hand.
If you're going to serve Yahowah,
if you're going to work with Yahowah,
you will fall.
Absolutely.
And without any doubt.
Moseh did.
Abraham did.
Dowd did.
And it is by falling that we learn
we can rely on what Yahowah has instilled
in us because we can get back up.
We can learn from the experience.
We can be more confident as we go
forward, having overcome that obstacle,
having cleared it from the way,
having started fresh and anew.
Holding Yahowah's hand,
we can overcome any stumble and we should
not be afraid to go out and occasionally
stumble because it is how we respond to
this that builds our character.
refines our soul, makes us worthwhile,
makes us interesting.
Every day,
he is merciful and compassionate,
accompanying his children,
kneeling down in love to lift them up,
blessing them.
And so I encourage you to consider and
act upon and engage in that which is
good, beneficial and agreeable,
productive and pleasing, Tob, as a result.
and live forevermore.
For indeed, Yahowah loves good judgment,
the process of evaluating evidence so as
to render a just and fair verdict,
which resolves disputes, misfat, again.
So he will not abandon
azab separate from those who steadfastly
seek his protection throughout eternity
they will be watched over and cared for
just as Yahowah asked us to shamah r he
too is observant but the offspring the
zero of the wicked of those who are
wrong they will be cut off Qarat
The upright who are correct and thus
vindicated, sadaq, will inherit, yaresh,
the realm, and they will live, sakaan,
forever within it.
The mouths of those who are right, sadaq,
passionately and boldly proclaim wisdom,
providing the capacity to understand,
chakamah.
Chakamai is this ability to intellectually
encapsulate what you are seeing,
what you are hearing,
so that you process this information
intelligently and can deduce reasoned
conclusions.
And their tongue speaks the word of good
judgment, of justly resolving disputes.
Mishvat, yet again.
the pondering of the process of exercising
good judgment.
The Torah teaching, the Torah,
the directions,
the guidance of his God is in his
heart, therefore in his mind,
processing what he judges to be true,
providing his motivation and inclination.
So his steps will never waver.
Even if we trip up,
We never waver.
We stay the course.
We are resolute.
We are steadfast.
We are devoted.
We know the path to Yahowah.
We convey it.
We walk it.
We live it.
Every day.
In this more Psalm, thirty-seven.
Twenty-three through thirty-one.
Of course, that was beautiful.
So now returning to his Torah,
we discover.
There is one.
engraved prescription for living, chukah.
For all of you to approach,
for the assembled community,
and for those from different races and
places, one Torah.
The clearly communicated and inscribed
prescription for living together is
everlasting and eternal.
and for all your generations.
It is exactly the same for you as
the foreigner and the newcomer, the gir.
This was, this is,
and this will always exist as the means
to approach the very presence of Yahowah.
One Torah,
one source of teaching and guidance,
and one means to think clearly and resolve
disputes.
Misfat again, shall continually exist.
Hayah, the basis of Yahowah's name.
For you to approach,
for the newcomers from different races and
places to approach.
La ha ger, with you.
All living together.
Ger.
With this foreigner in your midst.
Ba Midbar, in the wilderness numbers,
fifteen.
Fifteen and sixteen.
Oh boy, two.
Numbers fifteen is one of the greatest
chapters ever written.
It is prophetic of God's entire plan of
reconciliation and redemption.
I have shared it on previous episodes of
the Yahowah vlog.
There are very few things as prophetically
profound as the whole of Bob Midbar
Numbers fifteen.
Since Yahowah has clarified how we are to
approach Him,
the only thing which remains to question
is what Shaul said regarding replacing the
means that God has provided as opposites.
For Yahowah to be right, Paul,
and therefore Christianity, must be wrong.
I'll leave you with that thought.
Thank you for spending this time with us.